New Custom metric doc (#6080)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/billing/custom_metrics.md

For more real-time tracking of the count of custom metrics for a particular metric name, click into the metric name on the Metrics Summary page; it’s listed as “Currently reporting # distinct metrics…” as shown below:

{{< img src="account_management/billing/custom_metrics/tracking_metric.mp4" alt="Tracking metric" video="true" responsive="true">}}

## Counting Custom Metrics

A custom metric is uniquely identified by a combination of a metric name and tag values (including the host tag):

* Reporting the same metric name on different hosts results in multiple custom metrics
* Adding tags on a metric can change the number of custom metrics (number of unique tag value combinations) associated with that particular metric -- see Example 3 and 4 below.
* Reordering of tag values doesn’t add uniqueness, the following combinations are the same custom metric:

  *  `metric_name{tag_1:value_1, tag_2:value_2}`
  *  `metric_name{tag_2:value_2, tag_1:value_1}`

Find below some example of how to count your custom metrics, depending on your [submision type][8], the amount of custom metrics generated may difer:

{{< tabs >}}

> {{% tab "Count, Rate, Gauge" %}}

Author: no it's not, the design of tabs is shared through the documentation.

**Note**: This example uses a [`COUNT` metric type][1], but the count of custom metrics would have been the same with a [`GAUGE`][2] or a [`RATE`][3] metric type.

Suppose you’re submitting a metric, `request.Count`, from two hosts (A,B), which counts the number of endpoint requests. You’re submitting this metric with two tag keys:

* `endpoint`  that can take the value `X` or `Y`
* `status` that can take the value `200` or `400`

Let’s assume that in your data, endpoint `X` is supported by both hosts, but fails only on `host:B`, and requests to `endpoint:Y` are always successful and only appears on `host:B` as shown below:

> {{< img src="account_management/billing/custom_metrics/custom_metrics_host.png" alt="Custom metrics host" responsive="true" style="width:80%;">}}

Author: yup, it's still wip on design board

There are then **4 Custom metrics**, one for each unique combinations of metric name, host, and tag values for your `request.Count` metric. The custom metrics are listed below:

| Metric Name     | Tag Values                           |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------ |
| `request.Count` | `host:A`, `endpoint:X`, `status:200` |
| `request.Count` | `host:B`, `endpoint:X`, `status:200` |
| `request.Count` | `host:B`, `endpoint:X`, `status:400` |
| `request.Count` | `host:B`, `endpoint:Y`, `status:200` |

> [1]: /developers/metrics/types/?tab=count

Reviewer: note this link doesn't actually take me to the tab in the table - it just opens the metrics types page

Reviewer: same for the below links as well

[2]: /developers/metrics/types/?tab=gauge
[3]: /developers/metrics/types/?tab=rate
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Histogram" %}}

> **A HISTOGRAM metric generates five custom metrics** for each unique combination of metric name, host, and tag values to support the Agent-side aggregations: `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg`. [Learn more about HISTOGRAM metric type][1].

Reviewer: The number of custom metrics from a [`HISTOGRAM` metric][1] is 5x the number of custom metrics emitted from a `COUNT`/`RATE`/`GAUGE`. That is, for each unique combination of metric name and tag values, 5 custom metrics are generated to support the Histogram's Agent-level aggregations.

> Suppose you have a histogram metric measuring `request.Latency` for two endpoints `X` and `Y`  on a single host:

Reviewer: Suppose you're submitting a histogram metric measuring `request.Latency`, on two hosts (`A`,`B`) in which the following tag value combinations are present in your data as shown below:

> || INSERT IMAGE  ||

Reviewer: Use the same brand designed image for the tagging scheme in the example from count/gauges/rates

Author: shouldn't we do a single host design ?

> The number of unique tag value combinations submitted for a `HISTOGRAM` metric with this tagging scheme is 2, but the Agent generates [5 custom metrics][1] for each of the original 2 unique tag value combinations to account for each Agent-side aggregations: `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg`. This results in a total of 10 custom metrics for this `HISTOGRAM` metric: :

Reviewer: The number of unique tag value combinations submitted for a `count` metric with this tagging scheme is 4 [**LINK TO Count,rate,gauge tab**]). Given `request.Latency` is submitted as a distribution, there are 5 custom metrics (to account for 5 Agent-level aggregations) for each of these original 4 unique tag value combinations. 

This results in a total of 20 custom metrics for this `HISTOGRAM` metric.

> | Metric Name       | Tag Values             | Aggregations                            |

Reviewer: These aggregations are incorrect (See https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/gus/custom-metrics/developers/metrics/types/?tab=histogram) 

 Users can also change their config yaml file so it may not always be 5...

| ----------------- | ---------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| `request.Latency` | `host:A`, `endpoint:X` | `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg` |
| `request.Latency` | `host:A`, `endpoint:Y` | `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg` |

[1]: /developers/metrics/types/?tab=histogram
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Distribution" %}}

> **A DISTRIBUTION metric generates five custom metrics** for each unique combination of metric name, host, and tag values to support the server-side aggregations  `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg`. [Learn more about DISTRIBUTION metric type][1].

Reviewer: The number of custom metrics from a [DISTRIBUTION metric][1] is 5x the number of custom metrics emitted from a COUNT/RATE/GAUGE. That is, for each unique combination of metric name and tag values, 5 custom metrics are generated to support the Distribution's server-side aggregations (count:, sum:, min:, max: and avg:)

Suppose you have a distribution metric measuring `request.Latency` in which the following tag value combinations are present in your data as shown below:

{{< img src="account_management/billing/custom_metrics/request_latency.png" alt="Request latency" responsive="true" style="width:80%;">}}

The number of unique combinations of metric name, host, and tag values submitted for a `GAUGE` metric with this tagging scheme is 4:

| Metric Name       | Tag Values                           |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------ |
| `request.Latency` | `host:A`, `endpoint:X`, `status:200` |
| `request.Latency` | `host:B`, `endpoint:X`, `status:200` |
| `request.Latency` | `host:B`, `endpoint:X`, `status:400` |
| `request.Latency` | `host:B`, `endpoint:Y`, `status:200` |

> Given `request.Latency` is submitted as a `DISTRIBUTION`, Datadog [stores 5 custom metrics][1] for each of the original 4 unique tag value combinations to account for server side-aggregations: `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg`. This results in a total of 20 custom metrics for this `DISTRIBUTION` metric:

Reviewer: Add a new line break before "This results in a total of 20 custom metrics for this `DISTRIBUTION` metric."

> | Metric Name       | Tag Values                           | Aggregations                            |

Reviewer: I feel like this table is a bit overkill and causes more fear / complication from a user's perspective. Stating it's 5x a Gauges/rates/counts' number is simple as long as they know how to count Gauges/Counts/Rates :)

Reviewer: Still think the table is overkill - let's remove and include the table where it's needed for percentile aggregations

| ----------------- | ------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------- |
| `request.Latency` | `host:A`, `endpoint:X`, `status:200` | `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg` |
| `request.Latency` | `host:B`, `endpoint:X`, `status:200` | `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg` |
| `request.Latency` | `host:B`, `endpoint:X`, `status:400` | `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg` |
| `request.Latency` | `host:B`, `endpoint:Y`, `status:200` | `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg` |

##### Distribution Metrics with Additional Percentile Aggregations

> [Adding additional percentile aggregations][2]: `p50`, `p75`, `p90`, `p95`, `p99`) to your DISTRIBUTION metric increases the number of distinct custom metrics by raising the ammount of aggregations. The final number of metric is:

Reviewer: Missing parentheses: 
"[Adding additional percentile aggregations][2]: (`p50`, `p75`, `p90`, `p95`, `p99`) to your distribution metric increases the number of distinct custom metrics reported by that distribution metric.

In order to support additional globally accurate percentile aggregations, the number of custom metrics is counted differently than gauges, counts, rates, and histograms."

> 

Reviewer: Add the following: 

Suppose the distribution metric, `request.Latency`, submitted the following values: 
** ADD EXAMPLE 6 TABLE HERE** 

For other metric types, like gauges and counts, we can combine/aggregate the most granular data to obtain globally accurate results. Percentiles can’t be recombined; therefore, they’re precomputed and stored individually.

You CAN’T calculate the globally accurate median across all hosts by combining/aggregating the median value on host:A with the median value on host:B:
(NOT CORRECT) median (the median on host:A, the median on host:B) 
	= median (100ms, 200ms) 
	= 150ms.

The global median request latency (175 ms) in your entire environment needs to be calculated off all data values:
(CORRECT)  median(100ms, 150ms, 200ms, 10s) =175 ms

To provide you with globally accurate percentiles, **Datadog stores 5 custom metrics per every potentially queryable tag value combination in your data.** 

Suppose you've added percentile aggregations for request.Latency for the set of tags {`endpoint`, `status`} with the same tag dependency seen earlier:

Datadog stores 5 custom metrics for each potentially queryable tag value combination listed below:
Potentially Queryable Tag Value Combinations:

- request.Latency{endpoint:X,status:200}
- request.Latency{endpoint:X,status:400}
- request.Latency{endpoint:Y,status:200} 
- request.Latency{endpoint:X}
- request.Latency{endpoint:Y} 
- request.Latency{status:200}
- request.Latency{status:400}
- request.Latency{*}

Note: We only count custom metrics  for queryable tag value combinations that actually appear in your data.  Since `request.Latency{endpoint:Y, status:400}` was never submitted in your data, this combination won’t be queryable and won’t count towards your custom metric count.

```

> Number_of_distinct_tag_combinations * ( 5 + Number_of_additional_percentile_aggregations_choosen)

Reviewer: This formula looks funky -- I got push back for displaying an exact formula anyway so let's stick with giving examples.

```

[1]: /developers/metrics/types/?tab=distribution
[2]: /graphing/metrics/distributions/#aggregations
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Effect of Adding Tags

> Adding tags **may not** result in more custom metrics. Your count of custom metrics usually scales with the most granular/detailed tag. Let’s suppose you’re measuring temperature in the US and you’ve tagged your temperature metric by country and region. You submit the following data to Datadog:

Reviewer: Add line break between first and second sentence

| Metric Name   | Tag Values                         |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| `temperature` | `country:USA`, `region: Northeast` |
| `temperature` | `country:USA`, `region: Southeast` |

Suppose you wanted to add the tag `City` which has three values: `NYC`, `Miami`, and `Orlando`. Adding this tag does increase the number of custom metrics since it provides more detail and granularity to your dataset as shown below:

| Metric Name   | Tag Values                                          |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| `temperature` | `country:USA`, `region: Northeast`, `city: NYC`     |
| `temperature` | `country:USA`, `region: Southeast`, `city: Orlando` |
| `temperature` | `country:USA`, `region: Southeast`, `city: Miami`   |

The count of custom metrics reporting from `temperature` scales with the most granular tag, `city`.

> Now suppose you wanted to tag your temperature metric also by `state` (which has 2 values: `NY` and `Florida`). You’re now tagging temperature by the set of tags: `country`, `region`, `state`, and `city`. Adding the state tag doesn’t increase the level of granularity already present in your dataset provided by the city tag.

Reviewer: "Now suppose you also wanted to tag your temperature metric by `state` (which has two values: `NY` and `Florida`)."

## Overview

If a metric is not submitted from one of the [350+ Datadog integrations][1] it's considered a [custom metric][2]<sup>[(1)](#standard-integrations)</sup>.

## Allocation

You are allocated a certain number of custom metrics based on your Datadog pricing plan:

* Pro: 100 custom metrics per host.
* Enterprise: 200 custom metrics per host.

> The billable number of custom metrics is based on the average number of custom metrics (from all paid hosts) per hour over a given month.

Reviewer: Let's move the sentence on the billable number after the allocation diagram. That way people know how much they're allocated, then we discuss their bill and who they should contact to discuss CMs

> These allocations are counted across your entire infrastructure. For example, if you are on the Pro plan and licensed for three hosts, 300 custom metrics are allocated. The 300 custom metrics can be divided equally across each host, or all 300 metrics could be used by a single host.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These allocations are counted across your entire infrastructure. For example, if you are on the Pro plan and licensed for three hosts, 300 custom metrics are allocated. The 300 custom metrics can be divided equally across each host, or all 300 metrics can be used by a single host.
```

## Tracking Custom metrics

Administrative users (those with [Datadog Admin roles][5]) can see the total custom metrics per hour and the top 500 custom metrics for their account on the [usage details page][6]. See the [Usage Details][7] documentation for more information.

For more real-time tracking of the count of custom metrics for a particular metric name, click into the metric name on the [Metrics Summary page][8]; it’s listed as “Currently reporting # distinct metrics…” as shown below:

{{< img src="account_management/billing/custom_metrics/tracking_metric.mp4" alt="Tracking metric" video="true" responsive="true">}}

## Counting Custom Metrics

**A custom metric is uniquely identified by a combination of a metric name and tag values (including the host tag)**:

* Reporting the same metric name on multiple hosts results in multiple custom metrics.
* Adding tags on a metric can change the number of custom metrics (number of unique tag value combinations) associated with that particular metric. See the [Effect of Adding Tags](#effect-of-adding-tags) section.

> * Reordering of tag values doesn’t add uniqueness, the following combinations are the same custom metric:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Reordering tag values doesn’t add uniqueness. The following combinations are the same custom metric:
```

  *  `metric_name{env:dev, service:foo}`
  *  `metric_name{service:foo, env:dev}`

> Find below some example of how to count your custom metrics. The number of custom metrics associated with a particular metric name depends on its metric [submision type][9]:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below are examples of how to count your custom metrics. The number of custom metrics associated with a particular metric name depends on its metric [submission type][9]:
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Count, Rate, Gauge" %}}

The number of custom metrics from [COUNT][1], [RATE][2], and [GAUGE][3] metric types is calculated the same way as shown below:

Suppose you’re submitting a metric, `request.count`, from two hosts (`host:A`,`host:B`), which counts the number of endpoint requests. You’re submitting this metric with two tag keys:

* `endpoint`  that can take the value `endpoint:X` or `endpoint:Y`
* `status` that can take the value `status:200` or `status:400`

> Let’s assume that in your data, endpoint `endpoint:X` is supported by both hosts, but fails only on `host:B`, and requests to `endpoint:Y` are always successful and only appears on `host:B` as shown below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let’s assume that your data endpoint `endpoint:X` is supported by both hosts, but fails only on `host:B`, and requests to `endpoint:Y` are always successful and only appears on `host:B` as shown below:
```

Reviewer: this change obfuscates the meaning of the example, 'data endpoint' and 'in your data, `"endpoint:X"` are different. 

Let's proceed with the following edit: 
"Let’s assume that in your data, `endpoint:X` is supported by both hosts, but fails only on `host:B`, and requests to `endpoint:Y` are always successful and only appears on `host:B` as shown below:"

Author: 👍

> {{< img src="account_management/billing/custom_metrics/request_count.png" alt="Custom metrics host" responsive="true" style="width:80%;">}}

Reviewer: Hmm can we work with brand design more closely? 
* I'd generally like the font to be bigger (if possible) for the text in the boxes
*   straight lines from the different levels -- the elbowed arrows are distracting in my personal opinion

another question is why is endpoint the only box with greyed stripes? what does this indicate? If it's not intentional, let's keep all tag:tag values formatting the same since endpoint isn't a special tag

> `request.Count` reports then **4 distinct custom metrics**. The custom metrics are listed below:

Reviewer: `request.Count` reports **4 distinct custom metrics**. The custom metrics are listed below:

| Metric Name     | Tag Values                           |
|-----------------|--------------------------------------|
| `request.Count` | `host:A`, `endpoint:X`, `status:200` |
| `request.Count` | `host:B`, `endpoint:X`, `status:200` |
| `request.Count` | `host:B`, `endpoint:X`, `status:400` |
| `request.Count` | `host:B`, `endpoint:Y`, `status:200` |

### Effect of Adding Tags

Adding tags **may not** result in more custom metrics. Your count of custom metrics usually scales with the most granular/detailed tag.

> Let’s suppose you’re measuring temperature in the US and you’ve tagged your temperature metric by country and region. You submit the following data to Datadog:

Reviewer: Let’s suppose you’re measuring temperature in the US and you’ve tagged your temperature metric by `country` and `region`. You submit the following data to Datadog:

| Metric Name   | Tag Values                         |
|---------------|------------------------------------|
| `temperature` | `country:USA`, `region: Northeast` |
| `temperature` | `country:USA`, `region: Southeast` |

> Suppose you wanted to add the tag `City` which has three values: `NYC`, `Miami`, and `Orlando`. Adding this tag does increase the number of custom metrics since it provides more detail and granularity to your dataset as shown below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Suppose you wanted to add the tag `City` which has three values: `NYC`, `Miami`, and `Orlando`. Adding this tag increases the number of custom metrics as it provides more detail and granularity to your dataset as shown below:
```

Now suppose you also wanted to tag your temperature metric by `state` (which has 2 values: `NY` and `Florida`). You’re now tagging temperature by the set of tags: `country`, `region`, `state`, and `city`. Adding the state tag doesn’t increase the level of granularity already present in your dataset provided by the city tag.

To obtain the temperature in Florida, you can simply recombine the custom metrics of:

* `temperature:{country:USA, state:Florida, city:Orlando}`
* `temperature{country:USA, state:Florida, city:Miami}`

[1]: /developers/metrics/types/?tab=count#metric-submission-types
[2]: /developers/metrics/types/?tab=rate#metric-submission-types
[3]: /developers/metrics/types/?tab=gauge#metric-submission-types
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Histogram" %}}

**A HISTOGRAM metric generates five custom metrics** for each unique combination of metric name, host, and tag values to support the Agent-side aggregations: `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg`. [Learn more about HISTOGRAM metric type][1].

Suppose you have a histogram metric measuring `request.Latency` for two endpoints `endpoint:X` and `endpoint:Y`  on a single host:

> {{< img src="account_management/billing/custom_metrics/request_latency_single_host.png" alt="request_latency_single_host" responsive="true" style="width:80%;">}}

Reviewer: I'd argue that we should keep consistent tagging schemes across all metric types. Here's why: 
1. Moving from Count -> Histogram makes more sense if the tagging scheme is the same but the count of CMs is simply 5x
2. Having the same tagging scheme diagram across histogram -> distribution -> distribution with percentiles helps drive the point across that histograms/distributions are both 5x (by default) of a gauge/count/rate but the added percentile aggregations are counted differently. Having just one host and two endpoints doesn't illustrate that as clearly.

Author: in case of percentiles for histograms, it doesn't change how percentiles are calculated.

The number of unique tag value combinations submitted for a `HISTOGRAM` metric with this tagging scheme is 2, but the Agent generates [up to 5 custom metrics][1] for each of the original 2 unique tag value combinations to account [for each Agent-side aggregations enabled][2]: `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg`. This results in a total of 10 custom metrics for this `HISTOGRAM` metric: :

| Metric Name       | Tag Values             | Aggregations                            |
|-------------------|------------------------|-----------------------------------------|
| `request.Latency` | `host:A`, `endpoint:X` | `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg` |
| `request.Latency` | `host:A`, `endpoint:Y` | `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg` |

[1]: /developers/metrics/types/?tab=histogram
[2]: /developers/metrics/types/?tab=histogram#metric-submission-types
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Distribution" %}}

> **A DISTRIBUTION metric generates five custom metrics** for each unique combination of metric name, host, and tag values to support the server-side aggregations  `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg`. [Learn more about DISTRIBUTION metric type][1].

Reviewer: Aiming for each tab to start with "The number of custom metrics from <metric_type> is ___"

The number of custom metrics from a [DISTRIBUTION metric][1] is 5x the number of custom metrics emitted from a COUNT/RATE/GAUGE. For each unique combination of metric name and tag values, a DISTRIBUTION generates 5 custom metrics that represent the global statistical distribution of values. These 5 custom metrics represent server-side aggregations of count, sum, min, max, and avg. [Learn more about DISTRIBUTION metric type][1].

Suppose you have a distribution metric measuring `request.Latency` in which the following tag value combinations are present in your data as shown below:

> {{< img src="account_management/billing/custom_metrics/request_latency.png" alt="Request latency" responsive="true" style="width:80%;">}}

Reviewer: replace with brand design version of this image

> The number of unique combinations of metric name, host, and tag values submitted for a `GAUGE` metric with [this tagging scheme is 4](#counting-custom-metrics?tab=countrategauge):

Reviewer: Given [this same tagging scheme], the number of unique combinations of metric and tag values submitted for a `GAUGE` metric is 4(#counting-custom-metrics?tab=countrategauge):

| Metric Name       | Tag Values                           |
|-------------------|--------------------------------------|
| `request.Latency` | `host:A`, `endpoint:X`, `status:200` |
| `request.Latency` | `host:B`, `endpoint:X`, `status:200` |
| `request.Latency` | `host:B`, `endpoint:X`, `status:400` |
| `request.Latency` | `host:B`, `endpoint:Y`, `status:200` |

> Given `request.Latency` is submitted as a `DISTRIBUTION`, Datadog [stores 5 custom metrics][1] for each of the original 4 unique tag value combinations to account for server side-aggregations: `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg`.

Reviewer: Since `request.Latency` is submitted as a `DISTRIBUTION`, Datadog [stores 5 custom metrics][1] for each of these original 4 unique tag value combinations to account for server side-aggregations: `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg`.

This results in a total of 20 custom metrics for this `DISTRIBUTION` metric:

| Metric Name       | Tag Values                           | Aggregations                            |
|-------------------|--------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------|
| `request.Latency` | `host:A`, `endpoint:X`, `status:200` | `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg` |
| `request.Latency` | `host:B`, `endpoint:X`, `status:200` | `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg` |
| `request.Latency` | `host:B`, `endpoint:X`, `status:400` | `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg` |
| `request.Latency` | `host:B`, `endpoint:Y`, `status:200` | `count`, `sum`, `min`, `max`, and `avg` |

##### Distribution Metrics with Additional Percentile Aggregations

> [Adding additional percentile aggregations][2]: `p50`, `p75`, `p90`, `p95`, or `p99` to a distribution metric increases the number of distinct custom metrics reported. In order to support additional globally accurate percentile aggregations, a dedicated custom metric is created for a given aggregation per every potentially queryable tag value combination in your data. For instance let's say you have two hosts: `host:A` and `host:B` and you want to calculate the global `p50` (the median) of your requests latency over a given interval:

Reviewer: A user can't customize which percentiles they'd like to add. whenever you add percentile aggregations - you always add all 5 {p50,p75,p90,p95,p99}

EDIT: [Adding additional percentile aggregations][2] (`p50`, `p75`, `p90`, `p95`, and `p99`) to a distribution metric increases the number of distinct custom metrics reported. In order to support these additional globally accurate percentile aggregations, **5 custom metrics are created per every potentially queryable tag value combination** in your data.

Reviewer: We can link on [additional globally accurate percentile aggregations] to another page other than billing that discusses the mathematical inaccuracy of reaggregation percentiles

| Host     | Requests Latencies measured (in ms) | p50 |
|----------|-------------------------------------|-----|
| `host:A` | 10,20,30,40,50,60,70,80,90,100,110  | 60  |
| `host:B` | 10,15,20,25,30                      | 20  |

The overall `p50` of latency for your request is **NOT** `avg(60,20)=40 ms`, the correct `p50` is: `median(10,10,15,20,20,25,30,30,40,50,60,70,80,90,100,110)=35 ms`

For other metric types, like GAUGE and COUNT, Datadog can combine/aggregate the most granular data to obtain globally accurate results. Percentiles can’t be recombined; therefore, they are precomputed and stored individually in a dedicated custom metric per every potentially queryable tag value combination in your data

> **Note**: You can control [which percentile aggregation are performed][2] over [which tag combination][3] for any DISTRIBUTION metric.

Reviewer: This note is incorrect - people can't control which percentile aggregations are stored -- all 5 {p50,p75,p90,p95,p99} are stored. BUT they can control what tag value combinations are potentially queryable depending on their whitelist of tags
